[Security Solution] [AI assistant] Include in documentation changes to ES|QL generation in the security AI assistant (#2168)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/ai/ai-assistant.md

Elastic AI Assistant allows you to take full advantage of the {{elastic-sec}} platform to improve your security operations. It can help you write an {{esql}} query for a particular use case, or answer general questions about how to use the platform. Its ability to assist you depends on the specificity and detail of your questions. The more context and detail you provide, the more tailored and useful its responses will be.

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.1` {applies_to}`serverless: ga` The agent has access to index names and field metadata from your cluster. This contextual information is used to improve ES|QL generation, and may result in slightly longer response times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{note}
{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.1` {applies_to}`serverless: ga` The agent has access to index names and field metadata from your cluster. This contextual information is used to improve {{esql}} generation, and may result in slightly longer response times.
:::
```
Was a good idea to put it in a note :)

Author: Okay will add that back :)

Author: Is the convention that the tags go at the start or end of the paragraph? Looks a bit strange like this:

<img width="918" height="492" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a1eee213-4dfb-4dcf-99ef-6e3877dee77a" />
